Fix the local hello-world example link (#1555)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/install_maintain/installation/installing-manager.md

* Build the [secrets store]({{< relref "working_with/manager/using-secrets.md" >}}) for your tenants.
    The secrets store lets you store data variables that you do not want to expose in plain text in {{< param product_name >}}, such as login credentials for a platform.

## First Deployment

> Check out your new Cloudify Manager by installing the [Local Hello-World Example Deployment]({{< relref "trial_getting_started/examples/local_hello_world_example.md" >}}).    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out your new {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} by installing the [Local Hello-World Example Deployment]({{< relref "trial_getting_started/examples/local_hello_world_example.md" >}}).    
```

> This example demonstrates how you can use Cloudify to easily install a local HTTP server with a hello-world page on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how you can use {{< param product_name >}} to easily install a local HTTP server with a hello-world page on it.
```

> ## Uninstalling Cloudify Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
